28 April 2025
Version 2.1.25
New features and improvements
General
Swap sides button relocation
We've relocated the side panel 'Swap sides' button. Previously, this button was located at the top left of your side panel menu by default. However, this could be mistaken for a close button. It's now more intuitively placed midway down the side panel, with an updated icon more accurately representative of the swap sides action.

Swap_sides_button

Dashboards
Improved dashboard filter reset functionality
We’ve improved how the dashboard filter reset button functions. When you add a user filter, a ‘Reset all’ button now becomes visible alongside the ‘Filters’ button. If you press the ‘Reset all’ button, your user filters are removed and the button disappears.

Note: We are aware this button does not currently check you are sure, so use it with care!

Orbit sort order selector categories
Orbit now displays selector categories in the order defined in the FastStats Designer data build process, rather than always alphabetically as before.

Earliest and latest options now available for date rules
We've added ‘The Earliest Date’ and ‘The Latest Date’ options for the ‘Start’ and ‘End’ choices of dynamic date ranges when using the ‘Start and End’ option. These options refer to the current extent of the date or date time variable you are using.

Campaigns
Google Admin UI update
We’ve updated the design of the Google Ads Admin UI to match the layout and style used in other social platforms. This improves consistency and helps you work more easily across different social integrations.

Bug Fixes
Dashboards
You can no longer incorrectly add another pareto to a dashboard that already has one. When you try to add a second pareto to a dashboard, you now receive an error message stating that one is already present.

You can now only successfully duplicate a dashboard when you have a valid 'dashboards' user role applied to you.

Creating an Orbit user without adding an associated email address no longer generates an error message.

Date preview is now correctly displayed with custom date rules.

We've fixed an issue preventing FastStats selections from working correctly on tile filters.

We've improved performance on charts with very large numbers of categories and solved an intermittent issue causing a 'Maximum call stack size exceeded' error message.

The dashboard 'Display Zero Values' option is now visible and selectable on a Table tile, as expected.

Known issue: We’ve identified a virtual variable issue affecting Cube and Table tiles. A virtual variable defined by an expression referencing 'Today(0)', and used on a Cube or Table tile, displays multiple rows which are incorrectly generated, rather than a single row with today’s date as expected.

Workaround: As a workaround, we currently suggest that you turn off ‘Display Zero Values’ on your affected Cube or Table tile. We’re working hard on a solution to this issue and will make it available as soon as we can. We appreciate your patience in this matter.

Connect
We've found and fixed an issue that caused testing any of URLs specified within the Orbit Updater configuration to always fail on the third attempt.

Campaigns
We’ve found and fixed an issue where accessing the Apteco email image gallery redirected you to the email templates list instead of opening the gallery. This also fixes an issue where pressing image on a template, form, or landing page did not show options to replace or edit the image.