Orbit release notes 2025
Our Orbit development team works using fortnightly sprints. This helps us get the newest features to you as soon as they are ready.

28 April 2025
Version 2.1.25
New features and improvements
General
Swap sides button relocation
We've relocated the side panel 'Swap sides' button. Previously, this button was located at the top left of your side panel menu by default. However, this could be mistaken for a close button. It's now more intuitively placed midway down the side panel, with an updated icon more accurately representative of the swap sides action.

Swap_sides_button

Dashboards
Improved dashboard filter reset functionality
We’ve improved how the dashboard filter reset button functions. When you add a filter, the ‘Reset Filters’ button now becomes instantaneously active. When you’ve pressed the button, your filter is reset and the button now becomes inactive.

Orbit sort order selector categories
Orbit now displays selector categories alphabetically, matching the order defined in the FastStats Designer data build process.

Earliest and latest options now available for date rules
We've added ‘Earliest’ and ‘Latest’ date options for the ‘To’ and ‘From’ sections of dynamic date ranges.

Campaigns
Google Admin UI update
We’ve updated the design of the Google Ads Admin UI to match the layout and style used in other social platforms. This improves consistency and helps you work more easily across different social integrations.

Bug Fixes
Dashboards
You can no longer incorrectly add another pareto to a dashboard that already has one. When you try to add a second pareto to a dashboard, you now receive an error message stating that one is already present.

You can now only successfully duplicate a dashboard when you have a valid 'dashboards' user role applied to you.

Creating an Orbit user without adding an associated email address no longer generates an error message.

Date preview is now correctly displayed with custom date rules.

We've fixed an issue preventing FastStats selections from working correctly on tile filters.

We've improved performance on charts with very large numbers of categories and solved an intermittent issue causing a 'Maximum call stack size exceeded' error message.

The dashboard 'Display Zero Value' option is now visible and selectable on a table, as expected.

Known issue: We’ve identified an Virtual Variable (VV) issue on systems where you can access both FastStats and Orbit. For expressions with a 'Today(0)' VV on a cube, multiple rows are incorrectly generated, rather than a single row in an equivalent table, as expected.

Workaround: As a workaround, we currently suggest you omit zero values on the equivalent table. We’re working hard on a solution to this issue and will make it available as soon as we can. We appreciate your patience in this matter.
